--- 

layout: post
title: !binary |
  zpXOu867zqzOtM6xOiDOtc62zqzPgc+EzrfOvM6xIM+Azq3Ovc+EzrU=

excerpt: "Acropolis was pretty exausting yesterday, so I didn't get to write before I got to Kos (\xCE\x9A\xCF\x89\xCF\x86).  I took the long, very steep way up to Acropolis, on the east side.  The hill was very steep, but there were plenty of coffee shops and such in Plaka there, and the architecture was very well preserved.  I walked past the church of the metamorphasis, but didn't look inside as there were plenty of tourists blocking the way and I wasn't really keen on using the camera on my phone.  I got to the ticket sales office and bought a ticket (12\xE2\x82\xAC) and started the long climb up to the Parthenon."
date: 2007-07-02 07:34:34 -05:00
tags: "play, live-journal, planet-debian, greece, \xCE\xB5\xCE\xBB\xCE\xBB\xCE\xAC\xCF\x82, athens, tourist"
---
Acropolis was pretty exausting yesterday, so I didn't get to write before I got to Kos (Κωφ).  I took the long, very steep way up to Acropolis, on the east side.  The hill was very steep, but there were plenty of coffee shops and such in Plaka there, and the architecture was very well preserved.  I walked past the church of the metamorphasis, but didn't look inside as there were plenty of tourists blocking the way and I wasn't really keen on using the camera on my phone.  I got to the ticket sales office and bought a ticket (12€) and started the long climb up to the Parthenon.  The downside of coming when I did was that most of the buildings were under renovation, and they had a bunch of scaffolding around them.  Despite this, the buildings were wonderful to look at.  Perhaps better than the (very old) buildings on top of Acropolis, the views were very amazing.  The walk back was easier, but it was very hot (35 C/95 F) and I was getting somewhat dehydrated.  The shop at Acropolis had a nice cold frozen drink for me, which was very nice after a long walk in the hot sun, if a little overpriced.

After that, I went down and saw Ancient Agora, which was mostly just a big piece of land with ruins on it at this point.  The remains were interesting in relation the pictures that they had of the place when it was still being used, but otherwise the only really interesting building was the remaining temple which was well preserved.  I was supposed to meet with Hyeun at the station at 3pm, but it was only 2pm, so I walked through the flea market near Monostiraki station a little bit, and discovered a much more convenient Germanos store where I bought a bunch more talk time for my Cell phone, and had them put the code in because I couldn't understand the greek instructions that the phone company was telling me.   I had 66€ more talk time at that point, so I texted some nice things to my honey at home.

After that I met with Hyeun at the station and we walked around for a while looking for a restaurant, and finally settled on one where you could see Acropolis from the chairs.  The clouds then came rolling in and we experienced some rare rain in Athens, but it was nice.  The meal was expensive in comparison to all the other meals - almost 35€.  It was worth it though, because I hadn't had anything really to eat that day.  Hyeun expressed interest in going to see the Temple of Olympian Zeus, and since we both had valid tickets (the tickets work for.. 6 places I think) we went to see it.  It was a short walk from Acropoli station and interesting to see because of the standing and one fallen Corinthian columns.  We stopped at a cafe near there for a drink and then went back to the hotel.  I talked to my sweetie and then played some games for a while, and then went to sleep rather early, all used up from my extensive walking tour.

One thing that I noted was that the so-called "bad" part of town that I was in, and the "good" part of town (near Plaka) were not incredibly different.  If you got off of the main tourist drags, they could be confused for each other easily.  Breakfast at the Hotel, and then the Flight to Kos.  Goodbye, Athens, for now.
