--- 
title: Ten
layout: post
date: Mon Mar 14 18:13:57 -0500 2011
tags:
 - life::play
 - writing
 - 30days
---
It was very loud in the library.  Kids were running around and
screaming, and there was nothing that she could do about it.  She sat
there just staring at the horrors that were happening to her sacred
space.

Just three hours earlier, she had heard nothing about the beasts.  She
was working at the reference desk, one of her favorite jobs in the
library.  Books needed to be re-sorted and people needed help getting
on the internet as well as working on papers or looking up some
interesting things online.  Every once in a while someone needed help
looking for a book.

Libraries weren't really common nowadays, but this one would be around
forever as far as she was concerned.  It was used by most of the city
at one time or another, and thanks to an anonymous grant that showed
up on schedule pretty much every February 14.  No one knew who the
benefactor was, but it was apparently very important that the library
continued.

At least that's what she thought two hours ago.  Now, the entire
fourth floor was burning, with all of the periodicals and the maps
going up in flames.  Still pausing incredulously, she turned and ran.
There wasn't anything she could do against flying, fire breathing..
things.

Ironically, the dragons plowed through the fantasy and sci-fi young
adult fiction, and lunged up the stairs, knocking the brass railings
on the sides as they continued on an upward rampage thorough the
books.  They were gaining fast on her, so she took a quick turn,
hoping that they wouldn't be able to turn with the large wings
attached to their backs.   The wings that were even now tearing out
light fixtures in the hung tile ceiling.

They kept going on their path to.. what, the roof.. for now, while she
hid.  She hid for hours.

