---
title: One
layout: post
date: Tue Mar 01 22:27:22 -0600 2011
tags:
 - life::play
 - writing
---
She sat on the bench in the park, enjoying the lunch that she had
packed that morning.  There wasn't anything special about it.  Chicken
salad, chips, juice.  The juice was fresh-squeezed, but it was always
fresh-squeezed because the got it from the cart just thirty feet away
from the bench that she sat on, munching on the sandwich that she
packed last night and stowed away in the fridge so that she would be
able to spend this very moment.

She liked to take her lunch hour in the park.  Parks were fun places,
places where it was almost impossible to be sad or lonely.  Even when
it was a cloudy day, or if it was raining, somehow the park took it
all in and made things okay.  People would sometimes ask her questions
about where something was, like the ampitheatre or the carousel.
Usually it was just a nice quiet time with herself and her lunch
though.

Today seemed different, though.  She couldn't put her finger on it
before she sat down, but she was fairly sure even before she was
crossing the street, waving goodbye to her coworkers who would head to
the Subway or the Pizza Shack.  She could feel it in the air.  She had
decided to enjoy her lunch anyway.

It was just normal park things, going on, so there wasn't anything to
be alarmed about. A dog was running around in the grass across the
path, and there was his owner, tossing a ball and waiting for the
faithful return every time.  A couple runners making their way through
the circuit training course, skipping the ones that they deemed not
worthy of their attention.  The trees were swaying in the breeze and
it was warm but not bright outside.

It happened so quickly that she almost didn't notice it at all.  Then
a bike sailed past her at an alarming speed -- with no rider.
Carlos at the juice stand was gone.  The dog was gone, and it's owner
too.  The ball tossed smacked her bench, splaying her chips all over
the sidewalk.

It was quiet, and they were all gone.
