---
title: Six
layout: post
date: Wed Mar 09 21:46:16 -0600 2011
tags:
 - life::play
 - writing
---
She walked with a determination that would be altogether unfamiliar
to her friends on the other side.  What would they think of her
walking down this hallway, with pillars of marble and a floor inlaid
with actual, real metal?  It seemed so far away from what she was
doing now and yet the problems of there seemed somehow intertwined
and familiar to the ones that she had here.

Nothing worked the same over there of course, and the orbs lighting
her way were a constant reminder, being as they were all over this
world.  As she joined her troop, she steeled herself for the coming
storm.  The windows showed the battle that awaited them, and there was
no turning back now.

As a group, they headed down the helical stairway, wondering how many
of the thirty would come back, if any at all managed to survive the
day.  Everyone else seemed to be in the same mood.  She slowed as she
approached the door at the base of the tower, and took a breath before
turning the handle that would signal to the other side.

Clanking of steel and a smattering of gearworks filtered through the
heavy iconclad door before it swung open without a sound of it's own.
The roar of the rain and wind seemed to set the mood practically
perfectly.

Charging out and standing aside, she counted their numbers silently as
they marched onto the rocky plain which surrounded the rampart and
lined up to the final pause before steel met flesh in the coming
hours.

"It is dangerous out there today.  I want you all to remember your
training.  It is vital that we hold the enemy, because there is little
resistance that the others can offer.  You were not all hoping for
this, but it is now time to put your skills into action.  Let's move."

The battle had begun.
