--- 
title: Fifteen
layout: post
date: Tue Mar 22 00:37:27 -0500 2011
tags:
 - life::play
 - writing
 - 30days
---
He blacked out during the impact.  At least, that's what he thought
happened.  There wasn't any memory of the impact or just before it,
just the people hurtling towards him and then his teammates hovering
in the air, asking him how many fingers there were.   There were two.
There were always two. You would think with a couple hundred times of
doing this, they would think to hold up some different number of
fingers.

The coach and the injury team soon followed, concerned about his
health, and then the referees came over and asked nicely for them to
cart me off the field so that they could continue in the game.  He
didn't have much memory of the trip to the sideline or the check-up
there, but sure they happened because they always happen.

Now he was in the locker room, clutching his head and trying to
remember the events that led up to all of this, hoping that he didn't
have to sit out too many games, because he honestly couldn't afford to
now that he was living the extravagant life of a professional player.
He thought about his wife at home, and the new house by the lake that
they just got in order to celebrate the promotion from backup to
starter.

His head was throbbing, and didn't seem to be getting any better.  Why
weren't there any doctors here?  Why was no one checking him out now
and seeing if he could go back onto the field?  He had to be able to
go back on to the field.   Trying to stand, he stumbled to the next
bench, and then to the room with the recovery and health beds.  The
game wasn't even on the TV.  The game was always on the TV.

Then he saw the clock.  Apparently he had blacked out longer than he
thought.
