--- 
title: Eight
layout: post
date: Sun Mar 13 00:47:57 -0600 2011
tags:
 - life::play
 - writing
 - 30days
---
"Damnit!" He screamed as the screen blinked out.

There wasn't anything left to do, though.  The server was dead and his
hopes went with it.  He was hoping that he would have gotten at least
a couple more hours out of it, as a shield to the onslaught that was
going to come down on his head in short order.

Management wouldn't be happy about the failure, especially when it
only lasted a couple of months.  Then again, they were the ones that
wouldn't splurge for a proofed firewall.  They can't have expected it
to last that long.  He tapped on his bonecomm and called up his
direct superior.

"Thomas here," the man replied after a couple of rings.  It sounded
like he was in a tornado.

"It's down," he said.  "Only lasted about three hours once the hive
found out about the open jack.  What do you want me to do?"

"Crap.  Miles isn't going to be happy with that.  Hold for now, I'll
comm back in a bit."

He started pulling the cables out of the rack, knowing that there was
going to at least a replacement put in place, and if not that, a scrap
order.  There wasn't anything to do with a server that had been hived
out.  Any time you connected it back on the 'net it would be seeking
out the hive and joining in whatever plan they had going on at the
moment.  His head buzzed.

"Okay, plug it back in, they say," Thomas's voice rang loud and clear.

"Huh? Are they crazy?"

"Well, apparently this was the plan from the start.  They weren't that
happy that you actually tried to defend it in the first place.  Put it
back online."

That sealed it: they were nuts.

