--- 
title: Seven
layout: post
date: Fri Mar 11 18:16:03 -0600 2011
tags:
 - life::play
 - writing
 - 30days
---
He worked very slowly, not wanting to disturb the process and ruin a
day's worth of work.  There wasn't anything particularly hard about
the process up until now, when the sigils required got very complex
as they interworked with the rest of the anchors that he had put
down in the preparation for this moment.  If the spell succeeded, he
would have full control over the fortress, and things would be safe
for another year.

Every year he had to repeat this spell, the renewal of his control
over the living stone that made up his tower.  Preparation was very
specific and time-consuming, but it was a small price to pay in order
to ensure that his studies were not interrupted for the rest of the
seasons.  Plus, it was in the winter, and he didn't have much else to
do anyway.

The floating gem pulsed with a dim light, growing stronger and
stronger with every passing minute.  There wasn't much left now but to
finish with the force of will imbued into the preparations.  He closed
his eyes and felt the anchor points that he had placed:  six points
outside in even spaces about 30 yards out, five cornerstones of the
tower itself, the four defense gems which hung magically in the
window, an emerald, ruby, and sapphire surrounding the room that he
was currently in, and of course the pulsating diamond that centered
the entire spell.  With all of these points in his will, he started
pulling at the Source.

Power started coarsing through him and the anchor points, reaffirming
the protection of his home until he would repeat the spell.  The
center gem erratically started rotating on one axis, and then two, and
then all three in a flat spin, accelerating until it was just a
translucent orb of white light.  As he was connected, he could feel
the power cascading down to the other anchors from the cornerstone.

Done with the spell, he checked the now orb-like floating energy ball
in the middle of the room with his meter.  Fifteen fourty five.  He
was pleased, that might even last until the summer after next.


