--- 
title: Four
layout: post
date: Sat Mar 05 20:47:14 -0600 2011
tags:
 - life::play
 - writing
---
Click.

I couldn't keep track of things anymore.  They got a little too.. busy.

Click.

The car was a mess now, and it was maddening because it was just detailed a week
ago.  It was all shiny and new before, and it would barely pass for a demolition
derby failure at the moment.

Click.

The gun was empty.  I'm not really that angry, but shooting always puts me in a
sort of meditative state.  The range was unusually quiet for this time of day,
so noone noticed when I went off into my own little world of concentration and
thoughts.  I looked at the target.  I wasn't a good shot when I was zoning out.

It's a really bad idea to be unaware of your surroundings when you're handling a
firearm, but when you're covering your ears with muffs that are specifically
designed to block out 120 decibels and focusing on hitting a target 50 yards
away, it's a daunting task.  I released the magazine and considered loading up
again for another 17 rounds.  I counted the bullets left in the box.  Probably
not.

I crawled into the passenger door before sliding over the gearshaft, since the
driver's side was fused shut now.  As I rode across town, I wanted to make sure
that I wasn't going to get in any accidents.  There was only so much a guy could
take in one day.

The full moon was out, which meant that there were more critters out than usual.
Bunnies and squirrels scampered across the road at a red light.  Too many
bunnies in the neighborhood.

Someone was tapping on the window.  I looked out and down the barrel of a
shotgun.

"Freeze, just get out of the car," the masked man said, "I just need a ride away
from here."

I rolled down the window.

"Buddy, you picked the wrong car."

