--- 
title: Nineteen
layout: post
date: Sun Mar 27 21:33:06 -0500 2011
tags:
 - life::play
 - writing
 - 30days
---
The sign on the door said I was on my lunch break, but she walked in
anyway.  I had my feet up on the desk, I was trying to take my
traditional afternoon nap.  When she walked in the door, I tipped
up my hat and took a look, then sat up and situated myself.

"Are you a detective?" she asked.

"That's what it says on the door, doll" I replied.  I got a good look
at her.  She was all curves with a white blouse, a black skirt and
silk stocking legs that went all the way down to the floor.  She was
definitely a working girl - I could see the black from the carbon on her
slender hands as she took a manila envelope out of her purse.

"I need help with my husband," she stated, "I think that he is
in some trouble."

Looking at her, I couldn't imagine why he would ever jeopardize
himself.  If I was going back to that, I would definitely be looking
both ways when I crossed the street.  I grabbed the envelope and
let the contents fall right onto my already messy desk.

"What do you think he's into?" I asked, but there wasn't any question.
I could already see that he'd gotten in with a bad crowd.  The receipts
on the desk were hand-written and of the kind that would cost you your
kneecaps if you left them unpaid.

"Gambling.  I was worried when he started coming home late from work
that he was cheating on me, but then I found these."  Her voice was
like a well-tuned clarinet, intoning the melody straight into your
heart.

"I'll see what I can do."

I gathered the papers back into the envelope and grabbed my notebook
and a pen from the drawer that was permanently stuck open.

"Tell me the whole thing from the beginning."
