--- 
title: Standing for work
layout: post
date: Wed Aug 31 10:42:23 -0500 2011
tags:
 - life::work
 - hack
 - health
 - furniture
---
In the last two months or so, I've been working a different way when I
am at my desk computer at home.   On July 7, I converted my desk from
a traditional desk into one where I am standing up while I work.  I
had been a bit curious about standing for a while, owing it to a
couple of people I know who had tried it out.  They claimed that there
were a lot of advantages to working while standing, not the least of
which was that they felt more productive than they were when sitting
down all day.

After reading their accounts, I was thinking in the back of my mind
that I had somehow worked out the perfect system for my desk where it
would be easy and free for me to try out this new form of working.
When I originally moved to the Twin Cities for the beginning
of grad school, I needed a desk, and somehow got it into my head that
it would be a very cool thing to have a massive work area to work
with.   Someone introduced me to the idea of wire shelving, and I
eventually put two and two together and acquired with great effort a
3 foot by 5 foot sturdy wire shelf, which I covered with a Lexan sheet
and use to this day as my main work area.
(Diana uses a second one - incidentally at the time I had to buy them
in pairs.)
One of the great advantages of using a wire shelf as a desk is that
you can adjust it to be as low or as high as you want, in one inch
increments.  This meant that for the majority of the time that I was
working or playing on the computer -- something that takes a
significant portion of my life -- that I was sitting at exactly the
right height for ergonomic purposes.  It also meant that I could do
this transition without too much trouble:


I moved the main desk from 25 inches off the ground to 40 inches.
It wasn't exactly as simple as pushing a button, which some more fancy
standing desks use in order to make it easy to sit for some periods of
time as well, but I figured that if I was going to give it a try, I
should really go all in and try to stand all the time.  I still had a
sitting desk at my day job, so it wasn't going to be all the time I
was standing.

Directly after the transition, the first thing that I noticed was that
I was a little more attentive, and was just a little more comfortable.  This
was despite the fact that I had miscalculated the height which should
be comfortable by about a third of a foot, which meant that I was
standing with a wide stance in order to be the right level to type and
look directly at the screen.  I moved my chair to the other side of
the room and didn't even look back, starting on work right away.  It
was refreshing to be standing.  I also felt that I had a better handle
of the situation for some reason.  I felt pretty productive that first
night, but got tired pretty quick and retreated to the living room and
my laptop on the cumfy couch.

I tried it out for the majority of a month, working at least an hour a
day at the standing desk every night, for most of my thesis work and a
bit of other work as well.  When I am working at the standing desk, I
am much more likely to do a little bounce to the music that I'm
listening to, which I think will probably be good for me in the long
run - I'm not really standing statically and stoic.  Even when I am
not listening to anything, I feel like I am more active than when I am
sitting because I will shift from one foot to the other, just to even
out the weight or get a little more comfortable.  When I am in a chair,
I am content to just get comfortable and sit there for a while, but
when I am standing, I seem to be unconsciously vigilant about how
comfortable I am at each given moment, and adjusting to make it that
much easier to work.

After about a month, I remedied the situation of the four inches
suboptimal placement of the original desk, and it just became more
comfortable than it was before, and I can stand there for much longer
periods of time.  When I had to wide-stance in order to work there, it
wasn't bad but it was still somewhat uncomfortable, and now I can just
walk right up to the desk and start typing on my computer.  I've
played games for hours on end there with no trouble at all, and
I will spend a significant period of my day standing there working
when I can.

One of the side benefits that I haven't heard people write about
before is that when I do decide to sit down, it's a much more relaxing
experience now.   In the same way that cutting out a lot of sugary
sweets from your diet makes the chocolate cake that you eat on your
birthday that much more tasty, standing for most of your work makes it
just that much more relaxing to sit your ass down on a cushioned couch
and watch some great [TV](http://wherestheclicker.com/).

So I'm two months into the experiment, and I feel confident saying
that it's been a success so far.  I would recommend trying standing
for anyone who can wrangle a way to get their work space up to that
level.  I think that it's definitely not for everyone, and there are
still a few bad things about it (I think that I need to get a standing
mat now), but the advantages in productive work and just general
active feeling for me have been great.
