---
title: "Paris - Day 0: The machine of travel"
layout: post
date: Wed Sep 14 22:20:35 -0500 2011
tags:
 - travel
 - life::play
 - paris
---
Everything is amazing, and I am thrilled.  I'm writing this blog post
in the first day which I've been out of the country since 2007.  We
just passed the last land that I'll see for about 2 hours as I share a
trip over 30,000 feet in the air with about 100 others on my way to
Paris.  I am happy that I am taking this trip, that it's even possible
for me to travel so far in so little time, and that I am able to
experience this all with my partner.

The first day of travel is always the one that I freak out on the
most.  I get worried that I'm going to forget something crucial at
home, that the flight is somehow going to go horribly wrong, that
something big will happen that could prevent me from going on the
trip.  From the moment I woke up this morning, I could feel the weight
on my chest of all the things that could go wrong in the day, holding
me back, keeping me from taking that first step out of the covers.

It's important that I make that conscious decision to start the day,
and to get all of the obstacles that are in my way out of the way
before I can enjoy myself wherever I am going.  Usually I start the
day on autopilot like most days, and then I make two lists. The first
list is the one in my head of the things that could go wrong and
cancel the trip.  The second list is on paper, or on the
[whiteboard][2], which is a kind of anti-list for the other one.  If
I accomplish everything on the second list, I will have done all the
reasonable things that I could have done to counter the first one.

[2]: https://picasaweb.google.com/106323306553419920760/Wednesdaywhiteboard

The longer and more foreign the trip, the longer both lists get.  Part
of this is just because of the added complexity.  There are more
moving gears, so it's easier for someone to throw a wrench in the
works and screw something up.  Add an extra set of identification that
I need to keep track of, and the complexities of foreign currency, and
other languages into the mix and we've graduated from simple machines
into the renaissance.

I've felt that weight on my head every time that I take a trip, and
I have noticed it consciously in the last couple of long trips where
the cogs start to pile up.  This time has been the most trying yet,
with the triple whammy of travelling with my [partner][3], out of the
country, and to a foreign country.

[3]: http://blog.dianarajchel.com

So far, everything has gone according to plan in this trip, starting
from the time when the decision was made, many months ago, through
foreign language classes to get some basic French, financial planning
to make this all possible, and this morning and early afternoon's
work all falling into place.  As the machinery works, the lists get
smaller, and the weight gets lighter.  As big chunks of _what could go
wrong_ fall off of the first list, the second list fades to nothing.

Usually by the time I am in the hotel, I am ready to explore a new
place, making memories that I treasure.  It's a wonderful time, and
it's only more exciting every time I get to go.  I am so grateful that
things are even better with Diana.  It's a joy to see new places with
her every single time, whether it is around the corner or around the
globe.  She helps me set up the machine - she was the one who thought
up the language lessons - and provides torque to help get me in gear.

In 6 hours, I'm going to be stepping on the ground in a city half the
way across the world, where I can see great works of art, sample fine
cuisine, and explore a city which has so much to see.  The weight will
be lifted, the machine run it's course.

I'll do it again as soon as I'm able, because I live in an age where
it's possible, and the reward at the end is great.
And with experience, putting together the machine gets easier.
