--- 
title: Two
layout: post
date: Wed Mar 02 22:44:46 -0600 2011
tags:
 - life::play
 - writing
---
The supernatural isn't always as picky as they have been today.
Usually they want something shiny, and are willing to take whatever is
lying around and maybe return it later.  Tonight was different though,
they needed specifically something for their machinations.  I was
still in their debt, so now I'm awake at three in the morning.

How I got in debt with the sidhe is a long story that I'd prefer to not
get into at the moment.  The result is that now I'm their errand boy
whenever they have a need for something that's out of their reach,
which means it's on an island or behind some type of iron gate.  They
are for some reason repelled by these locations.   I thought about
moving to an island, but the real estate in the center of the city
isn't exactly in my price range.

Today it was both at once - some fancy mansion on the island that I
would **definitely** never be able to afford, and probably would be
turned away for just loitering around the outside for too long.  As
usual for these "missions", I'm dressed in dark clothes and have a
dark ski mask on so that I can avoid the surveillance that is
omnipresent nowadays.

Strangely there isn't ever a problem when I am successful at one of
these even though I'm sure that I've been caught on some cameras a
couple times.  Maybe my contractors are messing with the evidence or
something so that I am available in the future.

Somehow I don't care as I finish picking the locked double French
doors and quickly grab the small golden gnome statue that was
requested.  I'm in and out less than a minute from when I knelt down
by the door to pick the lock.  As I flee across the garden, I think
about how I'm actually getting good at this.

