--- 
title: Nine
layout: post
date: Mon Mar 14 01:02:07 -0500 2011
tags:
 - life::play
 - writing
 - 30days
---
The wrench floated weightlessly as he worked on the console, trying to
get the computer to actually spark to life.  These things were always
breaking down, and the idiots who made these modules put them on the
outside so that they couldn't be worked on without doing an EVA.

EVAs were the worst part of the job.  Not because of the concern over
safety - that had been handled a long time ago by the universal
tether.  It was marginally more dangerous now than doing
run-of-the-mill repair work on a newer model of sattelite.  The
problem was the suits.  He didn't have his own suit yet, so he had to
use the loaners that were on hand with the company.  The loaners were
always in disrepair, and smelly.

He gave the panel a little smack and surprisingly the lights blinked
on.  DIagnostics swam across the screen as the targetting and
navingation systems started up again.  He waited for them to finish
and then ran a couple of tests specific to the actual work order that
he had.  Everything seemed fine, and the fins moved to the commands
from his universal remote as well, so he grabbed the wrench which was
floating next to the panel and started replacing it.

He was almost back to the work ship when he saw the light flash.
It was brilliant in the sky, and strangely red in it's nature.  Then
the others started flashing all around him.  He wondered why they all
got set off for a couple seconds, looking around to see the ship that
they were firing on.  He quickly located a mhato cruiser that was
slowly being turned to dust.  In a spin now, it wasn't going to last
much longer.

A blip on the panel came up warning him that there was defensive
activity in the area, and he remembered that he was in a bad place
right now.

