--- 
title: MinneBar 6 summary
layout: post
date: Sun May 08 00:20:27 -0500 2011
tags:
 - life::think
 - conferences
 - minnebar
 - networking
---
Today I went to [MinneBar 6](http://minnestar.org/minnebar/), which
seems like it was the most populated one I've ever been to.  It wasn't
as **crowded** as the first one that I attended, which was in a much
smaller space with less people.  This year went off pretty much
without a hitch as an attendee.  I attended some good talks with some
great discussion.

At the start of the day [Garrick van
Buren](http://garrickvanburen.com) gathered a bunch of people in a
room and we talked about the Do Not Track thought space.  I haven't
really been paying that much attention to the area, but it's getting
more and more nefarious from the tracking side it seems like.  [Mykl
Roventine](http://www.myklroventine.com/) brought up at the end a
whole new tangled ball that I hadn't thought about in the form of
affiliate programs - where sites are giving your purchase information
to all of it's affiliate partners in order to have them flag the items
that they are responsible for.  They'll probably both be interested in
the fact that I am running [awstats](http://awstats.sourceforge.net/)
for my own server, and I was previously going to re-add Google
Analytics but have decided against it.  The server logs are all I
really need, at least for this site.  There is an interesting trade-off
here though, because many users will bring traffic to your site by
putting on Facebook's Like button or the Tweet This button, and the
advantage of the extra traffic should be considered.

Next there was a good session about getting started with Android, that
was in the largest room, which to me seems the least "MinneBar"-ish -
the smaller rooms make discussion and question asking a lot easier.
[Donn Felker](http://twitter.com/#!/donnfelker) of
[QONQR](http://www.qonqr.com/) did a great job of
making the room work though, asking for topics before he started and
handling most of them.  It was not a lot of coding but a lot of focus
on tooling as well as the details about monetizing your idea.  One
thing that I took away from this session was that people should start
with the minimum viable product.  If it's going to be paid, start it
out cheap and people will buy it anyway if they think it's useful.  I
should have asked about what the change from a 24 hour to a 15 minute
refund policy has had on sales of paid apps, especially on the small
functionality MVPs.

I didn't see anything all that interesting for the third session, so I
fixed a couple of bugs and handled some emails, and talked to Garrick
for a couple minutes while the directly before lunch.  Grabbing some
pizza, I talked to some students from St. Cloud who are just finishing
up, and then walk around looking for some other people to talk to.
[John Chilton](http://www.jmchilton.net/) found me and we chatted a
bit.  I'm rubbish at networking at MinneBar.  I don't feel like I can
sit down at a table that already has a group of guys at it and make
connections - it could be that I'm just not great at it, or something
about the tables or that there is always wifi available.  I see a lot
of guys from my twitter followers but I don't tend to actually chat
with them.

In the afternoon, [Charles Nutter](http://blog.headius.com/) won the
award for the most technical presentation of the day, going over
almost all of the JVM bytecode operands while going over a short
explanation of the stack machine that it runs on while encouraging
everyone to learn a little bit about the bytecode that so many of our
programs compile down to.   A completely full room really indicated to
me that there was untapped audience at MinneBar this year who would
have accepted some more technical sessions.

Directly after that, the most entertaining session went to Charles
again, this time assisted by his son, with an ad-hoc session about
Minecraft.  I'm a big fan of the game, but I haven't played it in a
while so I saw some of the new features, and had a good time chatting
with some other gamers in the crowd.  That's also another audience
that I think could be approached at the next MinneBar - something for
the leisure time.

In the remaining sessions, I attended one on gathering your data about
your users and plotting it in a useful way, mining the data that you
already have in order to get good analytics.  This was somewhat
technical but quite cool because they sliced and diced the creative
commons [StackExchange Data Dump](http://data.stackexchange.com) to
show some interesting things.  I seriously consider implementing some
of these for my consulting work, they seem like the kinds of data that
would be very appreciated to show growth to investors and the like.
The last one I went to was more of a discussion about how designers and
coders should cross-pollinate a bit when they are learning.  Designers
should learn a bit of code, coders should at least know a little bit
of Photoshop / Fireworks...  at least enough to get the job done.

I was pretty tired at the end of the day, so I didn't stick around for
much of the beer, also I was driving home and actually had to get some
stuff done in the evening.  I also just wasn't feeling up to the
networking aspect just then, partially discouraged because of my
earlier failure to get into it around lunch time.

Overall, I would say that MinneBar 6 turned out to be a great BarCamp,
with some wonderful sessions.  The ones that I attended were all
worthwhile.  I didn't "vote with my feet" and switch sessions in the
middle of any this year - if I remember correctly I think I actually
did that last time.  I came across with a couple of thoughts - I'd
really like to do a presentation next year about something.  I feel
like I should be able to contribute something to a conference like
this, especially because there is such a wide range of topics
presented on.   Also, I feel a lot more comfortable getting my
networking on in a smaller, more focused group - something like [Ruby
Users of Minnesota](http://ruby.mn/) meetings, where I know that any
person there is going to have more in common with me than one of
a thousand.  I'll look forward to going to this next year if I don't
have a conflict though, and I encourage the same to anyone else in the
tech community in the Twin Cities.

